so today's episode of the look for less
we're doing Beyonce this was a picture
that was posted on my Facebook wall
where I take my looks for less requests
and it came out a lot so I decided to do
it since it is a recent picture of
Beyonce and she's pregnant so I I think
I was able to cut down the price by like
50% which is a lot because she obviously
was like really expensive stuff but um
if I can remember I know she wore like
red I think it's Rebecca Minkoff blazer
she also had de brand maternity jeans
which are really awesome if you are
pregnant he also had an Alexander
McQueen silk camel scarf and I am going
to break it down for you so you can get
her complete look for weight la veille
so for example my red blazer here this
one is from Sarah and it was $100 but
it's a place where that's gonna last you
a really long time they make really good
quality blazer I can't remember where I
got this scar but it's awesome like I
travel with it all the time if you see
me in pictures in Paris I was wearing
the scarf when it was really cold I also
have this blouse it's the button-up
blouse from hmm so this is the Blazer
really nice fit really nice and tailored
so the jeans that I decided to wear are
also by J Brand a MV star the skinny
version um they're really nice fits it's
really thick denim and I mean they're
really movable so I really like these
and these also were over a little over
$100 but let me tell you a few invest in
a really good pair of jeans you're gonna
wear these all the time so these are
like a really nice investment I think
for your closet I boots are actually
from Urban Outfitters I think they're
Deena and AH C which is the brand but I
bought him at Urban Outfitters calm like
a year ago and they are actually really
comfortable these are like the perfect
like fall bootie I think so these are it
so as far as like the purse she had I
think
like a crocodile dark-blue um purse I
don't have anything similar to that and
I didn't really want to wear a dark blue
purse with it so I'm just gonna probably
wear like a black one or something like
that if you guys have any requests like
everybody else has been studying them
over to Facebook you can do so just to
me the picture of the celebrity you want
me to recreate and I am honestly like
trying to get on all of them so this is
the second video I've done but I've done
I think like four other past celebrities
look for less because I obviously still
like to dress my own personal style but
I think this is like a really fun way to
show you how you can dress like a
celebrity through way less money so
anyways thank you so much for watching
and I will talk to you later I want to
see the actual detailed picture so this
you can go to my blog the Kenny calm
that's where I'll be posting this and a
lot more celebrities look for less in my
personal style that won't necessarily be
featured here on youtube so anyways
thanks for watching and I'll talk to you
later